Update Set-ADAccountPassword.md (#1097)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2012-ps/activedirectory/Set-ADAccountPassword.md

### -WhatIf

> Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The cmdlet will not be executed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The WhatIf switch causes the command to simulate its results. By using this switch, you can view what changes would occur without having to commit those changes. 
```

> The WhatIf switch causes the command to simulate its results. By using this switch, you can view what changes would occur without having to commit those changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The WhatIf switch causes the command to simulate its results. Using this switch allows you to view changes that would occur, without having to commit those changes.
```

> [!NOTE]

> > -WhatIf command works in Windows Server 2016 and the accompanying Remote Server Administration Tools (RSAT) package.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> -The WhatIf switch causes the command to simulate its results. By using this switch, you can view what changes would occur without having to commit those changes.  
```
